Update the flags and variables doc (#3722)
rancher/docs: content/k3s/latest/en/installation/install-options/how-to-flags/_index.md

The final systemd command resolves to a combination of this environment variable and script args. To illustrate this, the following commands result in the same behavior of registering a server without flannel:

```bash
curl -sfL https://get.k3s.io | INSTALL_K3S_EXEC="--flannel-backend none" sh -s -
curl -sfL https://get.k3s.io | INSTALL_K3S_EXEC="server --flannel-backend none" sh -s -
curl -sfL https://get.k3s.io | INSTALL_K3S_EXEC="server" sh -s - --flannel-backend none
curl -sfL https://get.k3s.io | sh -s - server --flannel-backend none
curl -sfL https://get.k3s.io | sh -s - --flannel-backend none
```

### Example C: CONFIG FILE

> Before installing k3s, you can create a file called `config.yaml` containing configuration flags. That file needs to be in the path: `/etc/rancher/k3s/config.yaml` for k3s to consume it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before installing k3s, you can create a file called `config.yaml` containing fields that match CLI flags. That file needs to be in the path: `/etc/rancher/k3s/config.yaml` for k3s to consume it.
```

> Before installing k3s, you can create a file called `config.yaml` containing configuration flags. That file needs to be in the path: `/etc/rancher/k3s/config.yaml` for k3s to consume it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before installing k3s, you can create a file called `config.yaml` containing fields that match CLI flags. That file needs to be in the path: `/etc/rancher/k3s/config.yaml` for k3s to consume it.
```

Author: Thanks

> The flags in the config file drop the starting `--`, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fields in the config file drop the starting `--` from the matching CLI flag. For example:
```

Author: thanks. Done!
